Changes in version 0.8-1 (2021-05-31)

  * A 'textTable' method for matrices has been added.  In addition, calling 
  'textTable' with a simple (atomic) vector argument will treat the vector 
  as a one-column matrix.
  
  * Table entries may now use markdown/HTML tags to mix different fonts, 
  font faces, colors, etc within a single entry.  This requires 
  optional package 'ggtext'.  The feature can be turned on and off via new 
  package option 'allowMarkdown'.  The prefix "MKDN_" is used in 'textTable' 
  objects to indicate entries that contain markdown/HTML.  To support this 
  feature (along with the existing 'plotmath' text) entry descriptor 
  'textspec' has replaced 'math'.  
  
  * New graphical properties 'minwidth' and 'maxwidth' have been added for 
  table entries (see '?elements' for descriptions).  These allow one to 
  control the displayed width of entries.  'maxwidth' is enforced by 
  automatic wrapping of text into multiple lines; it requires optional 
  packages 'ggtext' and 'quadprog'.  Wrapping can be turned on and off via 
  new package option 'allowWrap'.  
  
  * Graphical property 'angle' must now be a multiple of 90 degrees.
  
  * Scale multipliers now act independently of style updates, so the order 
  in which they are changed does not matter.  (This is not fully backward 
  compatible because it changes the default for 'scale' in the 'update' 
  method for plotted tables.)
  
  * The internal structure of styles ('styleObj' objects) has changed 
  slightly:  (a) Entry styles now include new properties 'minwidth' and 
  'maxwidth'.  (b) The graphical properties that are affected by 'scale' 
  are now hard-coded, rather than specified by a 'scalable_properties 
  attribute of each style.
  
  * Built-in entry styles in 'styles_pkg' have been modified to include 
  the new properties 'minwidth' and 'maxwidth'.
  
  * Handling of text justification and rotation (combinations of 'hjust', 
  'vjust', and 'angle' properties) is now more consistent.

Changes in version 0.7-1 (2020-11-29)

  * First public release.
